Easy Code® Visual Assembler v2
32-bit/64-bit
Copyright (c) 2004-2021, Ramon Sala / Héctor A. Medina. All rights reserved.


FAQS, TIPS, AND HINTS
=====================

1. On  systems using  Microsoft Windows 8x/10  using the 128-bit protected mode
encryption  setting  in group policy,  sometimes (but not often)  this  Windows
security feature will conflict with 64-bit executables whereby it might prevent
them from  running.  This known issue  arose during  testing of Easy Code which
sometimes caused the application to close when compiling or completely building
a program.  A simple solution to this issue  is to  right-click  on each of the
executables (*.exe)  which are part of the  assembler application - the linker,
the assembler/compiler, and the resource compiler - then do the following:

- select "Properties" from the context menu.
- select the "Compatibility" tab.
- check the  "Run this program as administrator"  option under the  "Settings"
  group.
- click "Apply"
- click "Ok"

Running the  main executables as administrator  should now give each sufficient
permissions  to compile / assemble your  program  and  successfully  create  an
executable without causing Easy Code to crash.


2. To  successfully assign a PDF file  to any of Easy Code's  customizable help
menu  links, it  is required that  either Adobe  Reader  or  Adobe  Acrobat  is
registered within  the Windows operating  system as the  default viewer for PDF
files. At present,  Easy Code is not set up  (programmatically) to  launch  any
other  PDF viewer  application.  This feature  might be expanded  to allow  for
other PDF viewers  in future releases.  Currently, however,  there are no plans
to do so. See also - FAQ #3.

a.  Following a 'Threshold 2'  upgrade to the Windows 10  operating system, the
Microsoft Edge internet  browser becomes  the default  PDF file viewer  even if
Acrobat Reader/Adobe Acrobat or some other application happens to be the default
viewer prior to the upgrad. Unfortunately, this change prohibits Easy Code from
opening any PDF files through its customizable help menu. To resolve this issue
you must  reset  Adobe  Reader or  Adobe  Acrobat as the default  PDF viewer by
right-clicking  the thumbnail of any  PDF file, point to  "Open With", and then
click  "Choose another app". In the dialog box that next appears, please choose
"Acrobat Acrobat" or  "Adobe Acrobat Reader",  then select "Always use this app
to open .pdf files" and click "OK". See also - FAQ #2.

Update:  Regarding item 2a, recent  Microsoft Windows 10  security updates have
changed  the manner by  which a user  may set default applications.  Many users
with  up-to-date  systems will now  be required  to utilize the  'Default Apps'
component within the Windows 10 operating system settings in order to assign an
application as the default for  processing  any particular  file type,  such as
setting either Adobe Acrobat or Adobe Acrobat Reader as the default application
for viewing PDF files.


3. To create a  non-compileable document within a project,  such as a text file
containing a "to do list" or general project notes:

a. Select "File --> New Text File" from the Easy Code user menu. If it does not
already  exist,  a new node entitled  "Miscellaneous"  will be  created in  the
project explorer  window along  with a new text file entitled  "TextFile1.txt".
You can now easily edit  your document from within the  Easy Code IDE.  You may
save it  by selecting  "File --> Save TextFile1.txt As..."  from the  Easy Code
user menu, then select the project folder where you want  to save your document
and type the file  name to which you want it  saved using the  "Save As" dialog
box.

Important:  the new text file MUST be saved to any name other  than the default
"TextFile1.txt".  Otherwise, if you create another document, the older document
named  "TextFile1.txt"  will automatically  be  over-written by a new text file
named "TextFile1.txt".

b.  Document files  of this  type will  not be compiled  or assembled into your
program, and instead, this convenience is made available merely for the purpose
of maintaining reference  information  and/or  planning  notes along  with your
project. See also - FAQ #5.


4. To insert a  non-compileable  document into  a project,  such as a text file
containing a "to do list" or general notes:

a. If  the document for  importation already exists,  skip ahead to instruction
"b".  If,  however,  the desired  document  does not  yet exist,  create a  new
document in an external editor, such as  Windows Notepad, then save the file in
your project folder.  You may save the new document with ANSI, Unicode, Unicode
Big Endian,  or UTF-8  encoding,  as  Easy Code can read  a standard text files
containing any one of these types of encoding.

b. Select "File --> Open Text File..."  from the  Easy Code  user  menu.  Next,
navigate to your project folder and select  the text file you just created then
import it into your project where it  will then appear  in the project explorer
beneath the  node entitled  "Miscellaneous".  You  can  now  easily  edit  your
document from within the Easy Code IDE.  You may save it by selecting "File -->
Save [yourfilename.txt]" from the Easy Code user menu.

c. Document files of this type (*.txt)  will not  be compiled or assembled into
your program.  This  convenience  is made  available  merely for the purpose of
maintaining reference information and  allowing planning  notes along with your
project. See also - FAQ #4.


5. In order to change the caption of any  customizable help  menu item,  simply
double-click on the corresponding help item label within the  "Help" tab of the
"Settings" dialog. The caption label will then take on the appearance of a text
box while in edit  mode where you may then  change its text.  Any text which is
displayed in  that  help item label is  also displayed as  the caption  for the
corresponding item in the help menu.


6. If the resource compiler cannot compile the resources,  that is, if it fires
one or more errors, please attempt the following:

a. Go to the "Tools-->Settings" menu and click the "Configurations" tab. Select
the  corresponding  configuration in the  "Configuration"  combo  box and  then
choose  "UTF-8" in the  "Text encoding"  combo box.  Exit Easy Code and run the
compilation process again.

b. Load the affected project  and open its  "Properties".  Uncheck the  "Always
generate reosurce files in  ANSI mode" option  (checked by default) and  try to
build the project again.



............................................
Please visit the Easy Code related forums:
    http://www.masm32.com/board/index.php
    http://board.flatassembler.net

Thank you!

Ramon Sala

----------------
Rev. 25-FEB-2021
